hi my name is Lila and welcome to my
kitchen today we are going to make a
delicious Singapore noodle dish now
there are several different versions of
Singapore noodles that are out there my
dish combines shrimp chicken which is
tossed with the noodles
the rustic noodles in a delicious
semi-sweet curry sauce so let's go ahead
and get started on our Singapore noodles
now here I have made fun noodles and
which are also called rice sticks and
what I'm going to do is place them into
a bucket of warm water just to soak for
about 15 minutes so here I have them in
a bucket of warm water and you just want
to make sure that they're submerged
under the water so that they can soften
and I'm just going to let them sit for
about 15 minutes and we can go ahead and
prepare our other ingredients
now here I have my shrimp and I'm using
frozen precooked they're already cleaned
and deveined and they're precooked
shrimp and what I'm going to do is I'm
going to go ahead and just pour some
cool water over them and let them sit
until they're defrosted and then I am
going to have to take the tails off
and here I have my two large chicken
breasts which what I'm going to do first
is just remove all of the fat so I just
want to go ahead and remove all of this
fat from our chicken like that and once
our fat is removed from the chicken I'm
just going to go ahead and cut it into
about one inch pieces so you want pieces
just about this size
and once all your chicken is cut you can
just go ahead and place it into a
container and then you want to just
sprinkle the garlic salt on just like
this and then using your hands just mix
it in to make sure that it coats each
piece and then once it's coated with the
garlic salt we can go ahead and add our
shaofeng one and again use your hands to
make sure that each piece is coated
and as you can see this stir-fry has
just red pepper onion yellow pepper and
some green pepper into the mix so I'm
just going to go ahead and microwave
this on high for 5 minutes and once our
vegetables are microwaved we can go
ahead and drain them in a colander just
like that but then we can set them aside
and to be used in our noodles
now here I have all the ingredients for
my sauce and what I'm going to do is I'm
just going to mix everything together
I'm going to put the brown sugar and
with the soy sauce and then the curry
powder and our hot chilli sauce and now
what I want to do is I just want to stir
until this forms a paste so I can just
stir and mix everything up together
until it forms a nice thick paste and
once you have a paste it should look
just like this and that is going to be
the sauce for our noodles
and once our shrimp have defrosted what
we want to do is we just want to go
ahead and drain them in a colander like
that and then we want to go ahead and
pull off the tails so you can just go
ahead and pull the tails off just like
that so you just want the tailless
shrimp that are already cooked so go
ahead and do that
okay and once your noodles have a kind
of springy texture to them you want to
just make sure they kind of break on
their own just like that and they're
kind of pliable then you can go ahead
and drain them in a colander as well
and once you return your noodles to the
bowl you just want to toss them with a
tablespoon of peanut oil just so that
they don't stick together
and once our walk is hot we can go ahead
and add in our oil and let it get hot
and once our oil is hot we can just go
ahead and add our chicken and we just
want to let it cook until it is lightly
Brown
and once the chicken is lightly brown
you can go ahead and remove it from the
wok and just place it on a plate and set
it aside
and then without wiping out the just
go ahead and add your three tablespoons
peanut oil and then you can go ahead and
add in your noodles
and just mix them around just so that
they get hot and then we can go ahead
and add in our sauce now this is a pape
so you just want to make sure that you
scrape it all out from your container to
get it in there good and once we add in
our sauce what we want to do is just
toss the noodles to mix everything up
thoroughly together you just want to top
it so that the saw gets into all of the
noodles and once your noodles are
thoroughly coated with the sauce you can
go ahead and add in your shrimp and your
vegetables and just toss everything
together
and once the shrimp and vegetables are
hot and mixed in with the noodles you
can go ahead and return the chicken into
the wok and then just stir to mix
everything up together and once
everything is thoroughly mixed then you
can go ahead and remove the lock from
the heat and once you remove your wok
from the heat what we're going to do is
we're just going to give it a little
extra boost of flavor and we are going
to add our second batch of our sauce
just drizzling it on just like that and
again make sure because it's pasty you
just want to get it all out of your
container and then you just want to go
ahead and toss it around just like this
and again mixing in the sauce once again
to coat each piece of meat and once the
sauce is completely mixed in then it is
ready to serve enjoy
you